# CompoundEyes

This repository contains 11 branches, each of which is aimed at evaluating CompoundEyes under a certain circumstance.

## The full list is:

1. master: The parallel version of CompoundEyes.
2. serialized: The serialized version of CompoundEyes.
3. test-1-best-fext: CompoundEyes with only the feature extractor having the best accuracy.
4. test-2-best-fexts: CompoundEyes with one of the combinations of two feature extractors having the best accuracy when two extractors are allowed.
5. test-2-best-fexts-1: CompoundEyes with the other combination of two feature extractors having the best accuracy when two extractors are allowed.
6. test-3-best-fexts: CompoundEyes with the combination of three feature extractors having the best accuracy when three extractors are allowed.
7. test-4-best-fexts: CompoundEyes with the combination of four feature extractors having the best accuracy when four extractors are allowed.
8. test-5-best-fexts: CompoundEyes with the combination of five feature extractors having the best accuracy when five extractors are allowed.
9. test-6-best-fexts: CompoundEyes with the combination of six feature extractors having the best accuracy when six extractors are allowed.
10. test-r-k: CompoundEyes of the parallel version with parameters r and k varied.
11. test-thread-num: CompoundEyes of the parallel version with the number of thread created varied.

## Description of this branch

This branch is a parallel version of CompoundEyes. It leverages seven feature extractors to conduct near-duplicate video detection tasks, which are:

1. Color distribution in the HSV color space.
2. Color coherence.
3. Spatial intensity distribution pattern (Ordinal feature).
4. Edge orientation.
5. The height and width of bounding box.
6. Local binary pattern (LBP).
7. Optical flow.

These feature extractors run in parallel, whose computations of features could also take up one or more threads.

## Build the project

To build the project, the first thing to do is to install OpenCV on the computer, which could be as easy as entering:

~sudo ./opencv2\_4\_9.sh

This project was developed in the Eclipse IDE, so importing it into Eclipse finishes all the configurations. If something goes wrong or you want to build a new project, such configurations are indispensable:

1. Properties -> C/C++ Build -> Settings -> GCC C++ Compiler -> Includes -> Include paths (-l): Add /usr/local/include/opencv.
2. Properties -> C/C++ Build -> Settings -> GCC C++ Compiler -> Miscellaneous -> Other flags: Add -fopenmp.
3. Properties -> C/C++ Build -> Settings -> GCC C++ Linker -> Libraries -> Libraries (-l): Add opencv\_core gomp opencv\_imgproc opencv\_highgui opencv\_ml opencv\_video opencv\_features2d opencv\_calib3d opencv\_objdetect opencv\_contrib opencv\_legacy opencv\_flann.
4. Properties -> C/C++ Build -> Settings -> GCC C++ Linker -> Libraries -> Library search path (-L): Add /usr/local/lib.

Having been configured, build the project by Project -> Build All or Project -> Build Project in Eclipse. The makefile generated by Eclipse could be reused on other machines, by simply entering:
1. ~cd ./Debug
2. ~make

## Running the program

In the Eclipse IDE, such configurations are necessary for running the program:

1. Create a new entry in Run -> Run Configurations -> C/C++ Application
2. In Main -> C/C++ Application: entering (the location of the executable of the project), e.g., Debug/Hist\_Nest\_parallel.
3. In Arguments -> Program arguments: entering (the location of the training video set) (the location of the groundtruth file of the training videos) (the location of the testing video set) (the location of the groundtruth file of the testing videos), each argument occupies the whole line.
4. Before running the program, make sure that all the .conf files in ./src/Nest except nest.conf have already been deleted, otherwise, new configurations will not have effect on the program.
5. Note that once the project has been downloaded to your computer for the first time, or moved to another machine, conf\_file in pre\_proc\_aux\_funcs.cpp, feature\_vector\_folder and label\_vector\_folder in emit\_ques\_aux\_funcs.cpp should be changed accordingly to your directory hierarchy, then the project should be re-compiled.

An example for step 3 is:

/home/yixin/dataset/Test_s_0.1_p_0.5/Test_v1/1_train/

/home/yixin/dataset/Test_s_0.1_p_0.5/Test_v1/groundtruth/GT_new_1_train.txt

/home/yixin/dataset/Test_s_0.1_p_0.5/Test_v1/1_test/

/home/yixin/dataset/Test_s_0.1_p_0.5/Test_v1/groundtruth/GT_new_1_test.txt.
